feat(starr): Add RlsGrp `tokar86a` to the `Bad Dual Groups` Custom Format (#2326)
TRaSH-Guides/Guides: includes/cf-descriptions/bad-dual-groups.md

<!-- markdownlint-disable MD041-->
**Bad dual/Multi groups**<br>

> These release groups do not use the original language as the first audio track, the first audio language track is used to determine which language the original media file uses. Therefore, the first audio language track should always be the original language audio track, not a random one. If the first audio language track is not the original, they may fail to import the file, or it could result in download loops.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
These release groups do not use the original language of the media as the first audio track. Since ffprobe relies on the first audio track to determine the primary language of the release, incorrect ordering can lead to parsing issues. This may result in failed imports, misidentified files, or even download loops. To ensure proper handling, the original language should always be the first audio track in the release.
```

> Examples:

Reviewer: don't know if examples are really necessary 🤔

Reviewer 2: I concur

Author: Removed the examples

<!-- markdownlint-disable MD041-->

> **Bad dual/Multi groups**<br>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Bad Dual/Multi groups**<br>
```
